Update README.md and add warnings on DuckDB (#7)
astronomer/templates: generative-ai/README.md

- requirements.txt: Install Python packages needed for your project by adding them to this file. It is empty by default.
- plugins: Add custom or community plugins for your project to this file. It is empty by default.
- airflow_settings.yaml: Use this local-only file to specify Airflow Connections, Variables, and Pools instead of entering them in the Airflow UI as you develop DAGs in this project.

# Deploying to Production

### ❗Warning❗

> This template used DuckDB, an in-memory database, for running semantic search. While this is great to learn Airflow, your data is not guaranteed to persist between executions! For production applications, use a _persistent database_ like Postgres, MySQL, Snowflake, or others instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This template used local DuckDB for storing words and running semantic search. While this is great to learn Airflow, for production applications, we recommend to use [cloud-based DuckDB](https://motherduck.com/) or switch to a different database like Postgres, MySQL, Snowflake, or others instead. 
```

I wrote the duckdb file to include, not using in memory
